Update user guide to include more specific details (#151)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T17-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

title: User Guide
---

> NutriGoals is a desktop app targeted at NUS students who wish to improve their current lifestyle and want to adopt
> a healthier lifestyle by tracking the user’s diet and calorie consumption. Studies have shown the benefits of keeping 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NutriGoals is a desktop app that tracks a user’s diet and calorie consumption. It is targeted at NUS students who wish to improve their current lifestyle by adopting a healthier one. Studies have shown the benefits of keeping 
```

Edits a food item from the displayed list of foods.

> Format: `edit INDEX [n/FOOD_NAME] [c/CALORIES] [t/MEAL_TYPE]`

Reviewer 2: It would be good to update the commands summary section as well! Same for the `add` and `find` command.

Author: ok will do i shall update them!

* Edits a food item in the list displayed at the specified index.
* The index refers to the index shown in the displayed food lists.
* The index **must be a positive** integer.
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.

> * Only one of each optional fields can be provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
More than one optional fields can be provided actually. `edit 1 n/sushi t/dinner` is a valid command.

* Only the calorie contents of some food items are included. Refer to the list of food items [here](#food-items).
* If the user has entered a specific food item before, the `find` command will return the average calories of 
that specific food item that the user has specified.

> * This applies to food items that have been entered on previous days, and not just on the current day. 

Reviewer 2: I think it would be better to change line 168 to:

Format: `find FOOD_NAME`

So that it is consistent with the other commands.
